In that last practice phase you searched among 32 objects on the screen like this. We've had a lot of people take this study, and most people would agree that 32 objects is about a medium level of difficulty.
As you take objects away the search becomes easier, as you add objects to the screen the search the search becomes more difficult.
For the rest of this study you'll be choosing between two options like this. The D key selects the left option, the F key selects the right option.
The numbers on these options, called the outcomes, tell you about how many objects, more or fewer than 32 you'll be searching among on next trial.
So we see that zero means zero extra objects means you'll be searching 32 objects, just like you did in the practice phase.
When you have numbers with a plus sign next to them, that's how many objects more than 32 you'll be searching among and so those are going to be a little bit more difficult.
You'll see two numbers on this option over here, this is what we can call a risky option, there will always be one of these, and one safe option.
For the risky option choosing this you'll get one of these outcomes, according to a point five probability so it's like flipping a coin, to determine which one you'll get. If I select this right option, the safe one, I know that I'll get seven more than 32.
So in this case, we got 14 more than 32 objects it's a little bit more difficult.
You'll also be getting trials we'll see numbers or outcomes, with a minus sign next to them that's how many objects fewer than 32 you'll be doing so you can imagine that these outcomes will be much easier.
This time we got 42 less than 39, we can see that there's far fewer objects much easier to make the search decision.
So when you're ready to begin this next phase of the experiment press the button on the lower right hand side of the screen to begin.